Add aggregator information to docs/index.md file (#78)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-ibm: docs/index.md

}
```

## Multi-Account Connections

You may create multiple IBM connections:

```hcl
connection "ibm_dev" {
  plugin    = "ibm"
  regions   = ["us-south", "eu-de"]
  api_key   = "0hrqaLNt-Nc831AW5k7z10CcwOGk_ttqTpPOYYJ2rnwi"
}

connection "ibm_qa" {
  plugin    = "ibm"
  regions   = ["us-south", "eu-de"]
  api_key   = "0hrqaLNt-Nc831AW5k7z10CcwOGk_ttqTpBBTYJ2rnwi"
}

connection "ibm_prod" {
  plugin    = "ibm"
  regions   = ["us-south", "eu-de"]
  api_key   = "0hrqaLNt-Nc831AW5k7z10CcwOGk_ttqTpWRDYJ2rnwi"
}
```

Each connection is implemented as a distinct [Postgres schema](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-schemas.html). As such, you can use qualified table names to query a specific connection:

```sql
select * from ibm_qa.ibm_iam_user
```

> You can multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.
```

```hcl
connection "ibm_all" {
  plugin      = "ibm"
  type        = "aggregator"
  connections = ["ibm_dev", "ibm_qa", "ibm_prod"]
}
```

Querying tables from this connection will return results from the `ibm_dev`, `ibm_qa`, and `ibm_prod` connections:

```sql
select * from ibm_all.ibm_iam_user
```

> Alternatively, can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphbetically, so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `ibm_all` comes before `ibm_dev`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use an unqualified name, which will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphabetically so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `ibm_all` comes before `ibm_dev`):
```
